Handling Deletion:-
using Mongoose Middleware

We can use 2 middlewares:-
Pre - run before the query is executed
Post - run after the query is executed


Miscellaneous:-

Express Router:- Express routers are a way to your express application such that our primary app.js file does not become bloated.

const router = express.Router() //creates new router


Cookies:-
 Web Cookies
 HTTP cookies are small block of data created by a web server while a user is browsing a website and placed on the user's computer or other device by the users's web browser


 Signed Cookies

What is State :-
Stateful Protocol :-  requires server to save the status and session information.

eg - ftp

Stateless Protocol:- does not require the server to retain the information or


Express Session:-
An attempt to make our session Stateful


Connect-flash :- 
The flash is a specific area of the session used for storing messages. Messages are written to the flash and cleared after being displayed to the user.


Authentication :- process of identifying who someone is

Authorization :- process of verifying what specific applications, files, and data a user has access to

Storing Passwords :-
We Never store the passwords as it is. We store their hashed form.

password                                  how it is stored
"helloworld"  ---> Hashing Function  ---> "93612hgqefresdghfkjk23y467887947683yhdfger12343f"


Hashing :-
For every input, there is a fixed output
They are one-way functions, we can't get input from output
For a different input, there is a different output but of same length

Small changes in i put should bring large changes in output.

Salting :- Password salting is a technique to protect
passwords stored in databases by adding a string of 32 or more 
characters and then hashing them.


Passport package:-
npm i Passport
npm i passport-local-mongoose

for using passport 
 we have to configure the strategy

 passport.initialize()
 A middleware that initializes passport

 passport.session()
 A web application needs the ability to identify users as they broswe from page to page. the series of requests and responses, each associated with the same user, is known as a session.


 passport.use(new LocalStrategy(User.Authenticate() ));

 Connecting Login Route :-
 How to check if a user is logged in?

 req.isAuthenticated();   //passprot method
 
 post-login Page 

 whenever we have to send file we will have to use
 attribute called

enctype="multiplatform-data"
multer - nodejs module for handling multipat/form-data


Store Files:-
Multer Store Cloudinary

npm i cloudinary multer-storage-cloudinary


Geo Coding
Process of converting addresses into geographical coordinates (like latitude and longitude), which you can use to place markers on a map, or position the map ,...

mongoose geojson

 



